Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/success_stories/lexifi.md

### Challenge

> One of the challenges LexiFi had to solve was how to make it as easy as possible for its users to enter new contracts into the system. This means developing solutions to *import* contracts described in other formats and used by existing platforms, such as SIX's [IBT](https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/24905/six-swiss-exchange-introduces-universal-data-interface), Barclays's [COMET](https://barxis.barcap.com/CH/2/en/static/cometintro.app - [1 Client error: Failure when receiving data from the peer]), or plain PDF [termsheets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Term_sheet), the *lingua franca* of the financial industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the challenges LexiFi had to solve was how to make it as easy as possible for its users to enter new contracts into the system. This means developing solutions to *import* contracts described in other formats and used by existing platforms, such as SIX's [IBT](https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/24905/six-swiss-exchange-introduces-universal-data-interface), Barclays's [COMET](https://derivatives.cib.barclays/theme.app), or plain PDF [termsheets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Term_sheet), the *lingua franca* of the financial industry.
```
